Add terminology tool tips to getting started pages (#26879)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/getting-started/automation.markdown

description: "A quick intro on getting your first automation going."
---

Once your {% term devices %} are set up, it's time to put the cherry on the pie: {% term automation %}. In this guide we're going to create a simple automation rule to turn on the lights when the sun sets. Of course, this assumes that you have set up an integration that provides a light at this point.

> In the user interface in the side bar, click **{% my automations title="Settings -> Automations & Scenes" %}**. You will now see the automation screen from which you can manage all the automations in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: - The sidebar is a single thing (not the bar on the side, but the sidebar).
- Replace `->` by `>`, which we are trying to make a standard.

```suggestion
In the user interface in the sidebar, click **{% my automations title="Settings > Automations & Scenes" %}**. You will now see the automation screen from which you can manage all the automations in Home Assistant.
```

Author: Got it. In terms of the changes like -> to >, is there a place where I can follow these discussions or latest conventions?

Reviewer 2: There seem to be different styles in use: >>, -> and >.
we are trying to follow the Microsoft Style Guide, which uses >.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui
